When doing optimization, you are usually write
the objective function and also its gradient.
Then you'll input both of these into an optimizer of your choice.
It's good practice to be able to write
both the objective function and its gradient in code.
Even though some software packages calculate the gradient for you,
in most cases, you want to be able to code the gradient explicitly by yourself.
There are also different optimizers to choose from.
For example, if you check out the sai pi.optimize documentation,
you'll see several optimizers listed.
The BFGS method is a commonly recommended optimizer.
In particular, the L-BFGS method
is designed to more efficiently handle large-scale problems.
You can also try out other methods that are suitable for large-scale problems,
such as the Powell,
Nelder-Mead, or Conjugate Gradient methods.